README.md, before:

**Organic Tea Hub Website using HTML and CSS**
==========

This project is a simple e-commerce website where HTML and External CSS has been used. Concepts like forms, tables, designing, hyperlinks, ordered and unordered lists has been used. Form validation, Hyperlinks, Images, etc have been implemented in this e-commerce website.

**About Organic Tea Hub**
============

About your business write here

Pages in this website
============
- ```login_page.html``` : write about this page
- ```homepage.html``` :
- ```product_info.html``` :
- ```loginpage_style.css``` : This page styles the entire ```login_page.html``` file.
- ```contact_us.html``` : 

Features 
=========



***Use of AI/chatgpt***
- To make the general structure of External CSS, advanced concepts like hover.
- To find the best colored themes and color codes. 
- To understand css properties like ```border-radius```, ```padding```, etc.

**What I learned**
============
- HTML 
    - Forms 
    - Tables 
    - Hyperlinks
    - Input tags

- Github
=
I have learned some basic commands of github i.e. 
    - ```git init``` : Initiates a git project. 
    - ```git branch``` : Checks the current branch in git repo.
    - ```git --version``` : Checks shows the current version of git.
    - ```git checkout -b branch_name``` : Creates a new git branch.
    - ```git add .``` : Adds all the files in the project.
    - ```git commit -m "Your message"``` : Commits all the added files with a message.
    - ```git push origin branch_name``` : Pushes the commited files to the specific branch in github.
    - ```git clone url``` : Clones the specific URL's git repo.

- External CSS

- CUI : Use of cmd prompt
   -

Commit message:

woked on homepage.html, homepage_style.css, otherproducts.html,otherproducts.css, teaproducts.html, teaproducts.css, product_info.html,productinfo.css, worked on final Documentation.

README.md, after:

**Organic Tea Hub Website using HTML and CSS**
==========

This project is a simple e-commerce website where HTML and External CSS has been used. Concepts like forms, tables, designing, hyperlinks, ordered and unordered lists has been used. Form validation, Hyperlinks, Images, etc have been implemented in this e-commerce website.

**About Organic Tea Hub**
============

Organic Tea hub was formed in 2023. Its located at Thamel, Amrit marg. Its also has its own gared in ilam, Sikkim.

Pages in this website
============
- ```login_page.html```
- ```homepage.html```
- ```product_info.html```
- ```loginpage_style.css``` 
- ```contact_us.html```


***Use of AI/chatgpt***
- To make the general structure of External CSS, advanced concepts like hover.
- To find the best colored themes and color codes. 
- To understand css properties like ```border-radius```, ```padding```, etc.

**What I learned**
============
- HTML 
    - Forms 
    - Tables 
    - Hyperlinks
    - Input tags

- Github: Code Sharing.
I have learned some basic commands of github i.e. 
    - ```git init``` : Initiates a git project. 
    - ```git branch``` : Checks the current branch in git repo.
    - ```git --version``` : Checks shows the current version of git.
    - ```git checkout -b branch_name``` : Creates a new git branch.
    - ```git add .``` : Adds all the files in the project.
    - ```git commit -m "Your message"``` : Commits all the added files with a message.
    - ```git push origin branch_name``` : Pushes the commited files to the specific branch in github.
    - ```git clone url``` : Clones the specific URL's git repo.

- External CSS

- CUI : Use of cmd prompt
    - ```cd```
    - ```mkdir``` 
    - ```echo```

***Future Improvments***
- ```teaproducts.html``` will be worked on with proper images and proper description.
- ```otherproducts.html``` will be worked on with proper images and proper description.
- ```contactus.html``` page will be updated.
- Intregation of xamp database.

***Limitation of this project***
- This project is only the frontend with no backend(functionality) implemented.
- No database system is used.

***How to use***
1. Cloning the repo.
    - ```git clone url``` - Clone the URL from the main branch.
    - ```.zip File``` - Download the zip file, unzip and see my website.
